Templates in C++ is support for generic programming.
Basically, a template is something you can parameterize with types or values.
Classical example is you start with a vector of element types.
These days we can have a vector,
and then you have an allocator,
which is an operation that parameterize with this,
so, how it can get memory.
Then once you have parameterized types,
you need parameterized algorithms,
because you want to work both as at this vector and another vector,
or you want to find if to work both for vector of strings and for a list of integers,
for instance, that worked beautifully.
There's actually two parts of the support for generic programming in C++ now.
There's templates which we've had for many, many years,
which gives us the ability to express just about anything,
and to manipulate things at compile-time,
and do it really efficiently,
but it has had lousy interfaces.
I could not actually say what are the requirements of the elements of a vector.
Well, it at least has to be copied.
Otherwise, you can't do it in C++.
What is requirement of something that you can draw is used that it has a draw operation.
If you want to manipulate let's say shape,
it has draw and rotate and things like that,
we weren't able to express that.
It's always been the idea that we would like to be able to express it,
but we haven't been able to until now,
C++20 will have something called concepts that allows you to
precisely specify a template's requirements on its arguments.